alright people that sprite here and I
kind of lie to you all and I'm sorry for
that I really am but it was all for a
reason and if you don't really know what
about right now basically I've just
dropped my black ops 1 montage trailer
for example 5 if you want to go check it
out Paul link at the end of this video
but I told everyone that I wasn't making
a montage I wasn't making example 5 and
I told you on twitter i made a video
about it I just completely lied to you
all from this one up from the start I
didn't do it from the start so basically
what happened is I was playing I doing a
montage it's that time of year I'm
really itching to make a big montage and
I was like you know what this girl free
let's try and see what we can do here if
I can put the time and again if I can
enjoy myself so I told everyone I was
contemplating it i was thinking about it
and it would have been a black ops 1 i'm
black ops 2 montage and i put a little
bit of time and i already had about four
black ops 2 clips and maybe seven or
eight and nine Buckhorn clips but I
wasn't enjoying myself a black ops 2 at
all I was having no phone so I was like
you know I'll give a couple of weeks
maybe I'll shove a little bit of time
off try and play here and there try to
have some good sessions along the way
two weeks later I did I still didn't hit
anything I wasn't having any foot all
the black ops 2 I was like you know what
i'll give it another week because i
really want to make a big video like
this but i don't i didn't want to make
it if I wasn't enjoying myself there's
no point putting a montar job that you
just didn't have any for making I love
making montages and most of the
recording time is a lot of fun there's
obviously some stressful points here and
they're going for specific clips and all
that kind of stuff but I was like I'll
give it another week and we'll see what
we can do see if I start enjoying myself
and I just couldn't I was like you know
what black ops 2 he's done for me I
can't make this video but what I
realized is whilst these you know two
three four weeks was going on where I
was trying to give black ops 2 another
chance I was stuck in a black ops worn
clothes at the time I was on like 16 17
maybe 18 clips after those three four
weeks I was attempting to get a black of
Sue's up so I was like you know what I
like just go for it I'm going to tell
everyone I'm not making example 5 i'm
gonna tell everyone i just couldn't put
the time into black ops 2 i'm not gonna
hit anything I'm gonna be making the
montage all black ops 1 I didn't want to
tell anybody that there's only a couple
of people who knew a couple of my
friends and obviously I to tell the
phase leaders so I saw work at us from
which was going to be a black ops 1 & 2
episode but i just gave all my black ops
2 clips 20 I was like me I'm gonna be
making example 5 i'm not gonna give you
any black ops 1 clips but let's tell
everyone we're making a multi card
episode which would have been black ops
one of my cups too so he was down for
that then I was getting cozy to do the
trailer which he did an amazing job by
the way absolutely love it and I would
sell it here I was like me I make an
example 5 let's tell everyone we're
making an all black ops 1 episode and
you're ready in it and that'll be
sprouts 14 I didn't want anyone to know
I really wanted to keep a secret because
where's the hype of just announcing a
montage on Twitter there's no point just
announcing on Twitter or in a specific
little video and just say no make an
example 5 or I tweet about it or
whatever I just thought where's the hype
in that why not just completely
surprised everybody keep it a secret
work on it here and there and then just
drop the trailer out of nowhere and just
see the reaction from everybody that was
my goal I love getting people height I
love surprising people and that was just
a cool idea I came up when I thought
let's just lie to everyone so I do
apologize for that but hopefully it was
all worth it because I was just so
excited to drop the trailer but I just
think you guys will love it if you
haven't seen the trailer like I sent a
link at the end but if you have seen it
let me know what you think of it so
pretty far into the recording stages you
could say I'm not sure when it's going
to be out if you want to know who's
editing the montage you could probably
figure it out it's all too obvious I'm
not gonna say who it is but if you've
wants the recent examples I mean you
could probably figure that one out but
it's gotta be so cool it's got to be a
good way to go out with a bang because
I'm not gonna be playing this game ever
again I know I've said that in the past
but literally this game is on its last
legs when I try and finish this montage
whilst having as much fun as I can but
it's always been on the back of my mind
that I wouldn't enjoy the last couple of
months of making this montage because
I've said in the past I was done making
montage Don that game because I've
played it so much and this is kind of
showing right now I'm kind of struggling
to find the enjoyment out of it but I
really want to finish making a video I
think it's a good way to go out with a
little bit of bank and just say goodbye
to blank of swan hopefully you will
enjoy the trailer please go check that
out i'll put a link on the screen right
now probably upload on my channel in a
week or so anyway but if you want to go
see right now
link on the screen or in the description
thank you all for watching thank you
guys for the support as well recently
it's been incredible hopefully you're
excited for the montage as much as I am
and yeah thank you all for watching I'll
see you guys soon peace